Improvements: Typos and grammatical errors in README.md (#1081)
json-schema-org/website: README.md

</p>

# 👋 Welcome to the JSON Schema website

> This repository contains the source code of JSON Schema NextJS app:

Reviewer: I think website would be an appropriate word here.

```suggestion
This repository contains the source code of JSON Schema website:
```

* Powered by Next.js,
* Uses the Tailwind CSS framework,
* Built and deployed with Netlify.

## Setting up Project

> Please refer to [INSTALLATION.md](./INSTALLATION.md) for instructions on how to set up the project on your machine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please refer to [INSTALLATION.md](./INSTALLATION.md) for instructions on how to set up the project for local development.
```

```

## Contribute
Here are some areas where you can contribute to the website:

- Blogs posts
- Case Studies
- Design
- Documentation improvements
- Website enhancements

> - JSON Schema Implementations

Reviewer 3: "Add a new JSON Schema Implementation" makes sense here. Please keep it.

> - JSON Schema Implementations

Reviewer 3: Please keep "Add a new JSON Schema Implementation"

- JSON Schema Landscape

To discover good first issues to work on, join our Slack workspace and visit the `#contribute` channel. This channel is specifically designed for onboarding and supporting new contributors.

You should also check out our [Contributing guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Contributors

Thanks goes to these wonderful people who contributed to this website:
<br />
<a href = "https://github.com/json-schema-org/website/graphs/contributors">
  <img src = "https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=json-schema-org/website"/>

> </a>

Reviewer 4: I think this should work?
```md
[![Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=json-schema-org/website)](https://github.com/json-schema-org/website/graphs/contributors)
```

Preview:
[![Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=json-schema-org/website)](https://github.com/json-schema-org/website/graphs/contributors)

### Backers

**Thank you to all our backers!**

[![Backers](https://opencollective.com/json-schema/backers.svg)](https://opencollective.com/json-schema/backers.svg?avatarHeight=90)

## Connect with the JSON Schema Community

<p align="left">

>     <a href="https://json-schema.org/slack" target="blank" style="margin-right: 5px;"><img align="center" src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/null/slack-new.png" alt="JSON Schema Slack" height="30" width="40" /></a>

Reviewer 2: These each have height specified, which can't be put into markdown.
